- one of the primary appeals of the Spring framework is to build Java applications with POJOs
- working with POJOs and the IoC container is one of the first steps you need to take to work with the Spring
framework
- 'bean' is used interchangeably with a POJO instance,refer to an object instance created from a Java class
- 'component' is used interchangeably with a POJO class,refer to the actual Java class from which object instances
are created
- The term POJO means an ordinary Java object without any specific requirements.this term is used to distinguish lightweight Java components from heavyweight components in other complex component models (e.g., EJB components prior to version 3.1 of the EJB specification).
- Spring provides two types of IoC container implementations. The basic one is called bean factory. The more
advanced one is called application context, which is compatible with the bean factory.
- The interfaces for the bean factory and the application context are BeanFactory and ApplicationContext,
respectively.
- The ApplicationContext interface is a subinterface of BeanFactory for maintaining compatibility.
- The main characteristic of a bean post processor is that it processes all the bean instances in the IoC container, not just a single bean instance.
- Keep in mind that once a bean implements an aware interface, they are bound to Spring and won’t work properly outside the Spring IoC container. So consider carefully whether it’s necessary to implement such proprietary
  interfaces.

# 1 bean之间的通讯
## 1.1定义ApplicationEvent
```
import org.springframework.context.ApplicationEvent;
public class CheckoutEvent extends ApplicationEvent {
    private Date time;
    public CheckoutEvent(Object source, Date time) {
        super(source);
        this.time = time;
    }
    public Date getTime() {
        return time;
    }
}
```
## 1.2 发布事件
```
package com.apress.springrecipes.shop;
```
import org.springframework.context.ApplicationEventPublisher;
import org.springframework.context.ApplicationEventPublisherAware;
public class Cashier implements ApplicationEventPublisherAware {
```
    private ApplicationEventPublisher applicationEventPublisher;
        public void setApplicationEventPublisher(
            ApplicationEventPublisher applicationEventPublisher) {
            this.applicationEventPublisher = applicationEventPublisher;
        }
        public void checkout(ShoppingCart cart) throws IOException {
        ...
            CheckoutEvent event = new CheckoutEvent(this, new Date());
            applicationEventPublisher.publishEvent(event);
        }
}
```

## 1.3 监听事件
```
import org.springframework.context.ApplicationEvent;
import org.springframework.context.ApplicationListener;
public class CheckoutListener implements ApplicationListener<CheckoutEvent> {
    public void onApplicationEvent(CheckoutEvent event) {
        Date time = ((CheckoutEvent) event).getTime();
        // Do anything you like with the checkout amount and time
        System.out.println("Checkout event [" + time + "]");
    }

}
```

## 1.4 application context事件
application context itself also publishes container events such as **ContextClosedEvent**,**ContextRefreshedEvent**, and **RequestHandledEvent**. If any beans want to be notified of these events, they can implement the ApplicationListener interface.

# 2 Property Editors
- A property editor is a feature of the JavaBeans API for converting property values to and from text values.
- with a property editor for the java.util.Date type, Spring would automatically convert the data string into a java.util.Date object,instead of automatically creating a String type
- Before you can use a custom property editor in the Spring IoC container you need to register it. The **CustomEditorConfigurer** is implemented as a bean factory post processor for you to register custom property editors before any of the beans get instantiated.
- You can write custom property editors by implementing the **java.beans.PropertyEditor** interface or extending the convenient support class **java.beans.PropertyEditorSupport**.
- Built in CustomerEditor:**CustomDateEditor CustomNumberEditor, ClassEditor, FileEditor, LocaleEditor, StringArrayPropertyEditor**
